Fix feed unit42 intel object (#24636)
demisto/content: Packs/Unit42Intel/ReleaseNotes/1_0_5.md

#### Integrations
##### Unit 42 Intel Objects Feed
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.10.47713*.

> - Fixed an issue where the **fetch-indicators** command fails parsing created field correctly.

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-indicators*** command parses the publication created field incorrectly.
```
